Dogs have owners, cats have staff. - Anonymous
I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them. - Isaac Asimov
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. - Emo Philips
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. - Bill Gates
Software is like entropy: It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics; i.e., it always increases.   - Norman Augustine
Software is a gas; it expands to fill its container. - Nathan Myhrvold
All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you can’t get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do not use a hammer.    - IBM Manual, 1925
Standards are always out of date.  That’s what makes them standards. - Alan Bennett
Physics is the universe’s operating system.  - Steven R Garman
It’s hardware that makes a machine fast.  It’s software that makes a fast machine slow. - Craig Bruce
Imagination is more important than knowledge.  For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.    - Albert Einstein
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge. - Stephen Hawking
The more you know, the more you realize you know nothing. - Socrates
Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I remember.  Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance. - Confucius
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant. - Mitchell Kapor
If you think your users are idiots, only idiots will use it. - Linus Torvalds
From a programmer’s point of view, the user is a peripheral that types when you issue a read request. - P. Williams
Where is the ‘any’ key? - Homer Simpson, in response to the message "Press any key"
Anything not saved will be lost. - Unknown Microsoft Employee
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. - Donald Knuth
There is only one problem with common sense; it’s not very common. - Milt Bryce
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. - Bill Gates
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs: Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.    - Donald E. Knuth
The Internet?  We are not interested in it. - Bill Gates, 1993
The best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections. - Matthew Austern
The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident.  That’s where we come in; we’re computer professionals.  We cause accidents. - Nathaniel Borenstein
Pessimists, we’re told, look at a glass containing 50% air and 50% water and see it as half empty.  Optimists, in contrast, see it as half full.  Engineers, of course, understand the glass is twice as big as it needs to be. - Bob Lewis
In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority. - Bill Curtis
It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure.  Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter.    - Nathaniel S. Borenstein
Mostly, when you see programmers, they aren’t doing anything.  One of the attractive things about programmers is that you cannot tell whether or not they are working simply by looking at them.  Very often they’re sitting there seemingly drinking coffee and gossiping, or just staring into space.  What the programmer is trying to do is get a handle on all the individual and unrelated ideas that are scampering around in his head.    - Charles M. Strauss
If you think you are worth what you know, you are very wrong.  Your knowledge today does not have much value beyond a couple of years.  Your value is what you can learn and how easily you can adapt to the changes this profession brings so often.    - Jose M. Aguilar
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Abelson and Sussman
Commenting your code is like cleaning your bathroom : you never want to do it, but it really does create a more pleasant experience for you and your guests.    - Ryan Campbell
We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users. - Jeff Atwood
Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul. - John Carmack
It’s OK to figure out murder mysteries, but you shouldn’t need to figure out code.  You should be able to read it.    - Steve McConnell
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as ‘lines produced’ but as ‘lines spent.’- Edsger Dijkstra
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined. - Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
Before software should be reusable, it should be usable. - Ralph Johnson
If you automate a mess, you get an automated mess. - Rod Michael
She's the Louis Lane to Superman's Clark Kent, if you're into those types of ratios and proportions. - ChatBot
The Oxford comma is not dissimilar to Parkinson's disease. - Anonymous Yahoo! user
I would rather be ignorant than learn something from Bing. - Random Reddit user
Pro tip: A frequently overlooked rule of Monopoly is auctioning a property that someone lands on but can't afford/doesn't want. This increases game time exponentially. - r/YouShouldKnow
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. - William Shakespeare, Henry VI
Looking at code you wrote more than two weeks ago is like looking at code you are seeing for the first time. - Dan Hurvitz
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa. - Alan Perlis
Less than 10% of the code has to do with the ostensible purpose of the system; the rest deals with input-output, data validation, data structure maintenance, and other housekeeping. - Mary Shaw
If you have a procedure with ten parameters, you probably missed some. - Alan Perlis
How rare it is that maintaining someone else’s code is akin to entering a beautifully designed building, which you admire as you walk around and plan how to add a wing or do some redecorating. More often, maintaining someone else’s code is like being thrown headlong into a big pile of slimy, smelly garbage. - Bill Venners
Code generation, like drinking alcohol, is good in moderation. - Alex Lowe
Simplicity, carried to the extreme, becomes elegance. - Jon Franklin
A program is never less than 90% complete, and never more than 95% complete. - Terry Baker
When you are stuck in a traffic jam with a Porsche, all you do is burn more gas in idle.  Scalability is about building wider roads, not about building faster cars. - Steve Swartz
Everyone by now presumably knows about the danger of premature optimization.  I think we should be just as worried about premature design - designing too early what a program should do. - Paul Graham
Programming without an overall architecture or design in mind is like exploring a cave with only a flashlight: You don’t know where you’ve been, you don’t know where you’re going, and you don’t know quite where you are. - Danny Thorpe
The best way to predict the future is to implement it. - David Heinemeier Hansson
We need above all to know about changes; no one wants or needs to be reminded 16 hours a day that his shoes are on. - David Hubel
On two occasions I have been asked, ‘If you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?’  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question. - Charles Babbage
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein
Today, most software exists, not to solve a problem, but to interface with other software. - IO Angell
Good specifications will always improve programmer productivity far better than any programming tool or technique. - Milt Bryce
The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. - Richard Moore
Don’t document the problem, fix it. - Atli Björgvin Oddsson
As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications. - Dave Parnas
If the code and the comments do not match, possibly both are incorrect. - Norm Schryer
I think it’s a new feature.  Don’t tell anyone it was an accident. - Larry Wall
If you don’t handle [exceptions], we shut your application down.  That dramatically increases the reliability of the system. - Anders Hejlsberg
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code. - Richard Pattis
In a software project team of 10, there are probably 3 people who produce enough defects to make them net negative producers. - Gordon Schulmeyer
I think it is inevitable that people program poorly.  Training will not substantially help matters.  We have to learn to live with it. - Alan Perlis
Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence. - Edsger Dijkstra
Manually managing blocks of memory in C is like juggling bars of soap in a prison shower: It’s all fun and games until you forget about one of them. - anonymous Usenet user
There’s no obfuscated Perl contest because it’s pointless. - Jeff Polk
Java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS. - Alan Kay
There are only two things wrong with C++:  The initial concept and the implementation. - Bertrand Meyer
It was a joke, okay?  If we thought it would actually be used, we wouldn’t have written it!- Mark Andreesen, speaking of the HTML tag BLINK
Perl: The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. - Keith Bostic
I didn’t work hard to make Ruby perfect for everyone, because you feel differently from me.  No language can be perfect for everyone.  I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it’s not perfect for you.  The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python. - Yukihiro Matsumoto, aka Matz, creator of Ruby
XML is not a language in the sense of a programming language any more than sketches on a napkin are a language. - Charles Simonyi
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing. - Seymour Papert
It has been discovered that C++ provides a remarkable facility for concealing the trivial details of a program - such as where its bugs are. - David Keppel
UNIX is simple.  It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity. - Dennis Ritchie
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think ‘I know, I’ll use regular expressions.’  Now they have two problems. - Jamie Zawinski
I think computer viruses should count as life.  I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.  We’ve created life in our own image. - Stephen Hawking
The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards. - Gene Spafford
Being able to break security doesn’t make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer. - Eric Raymond
Companies spend millions of dollars on firewalls, encryption and secure access devices, and it’s money wasted, because none of these measures address the weakest link in the security chain. - Kevin Mitnick
If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology. - Bruce Schneier
Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are replicated and distributed.  In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System. - Stewart Kirkpatrick
Passwords are like underwear: you don’t let people see it, you should change it very often, and you shouldn’t share it with strangers. - Chris Pirillo
I am not out to destroy Microsoft, that would be a completely unintended side effect. - Linus Torvalds
Yes, we have a dress code. You have to dress. - Scott McNealy, cofounder of Sun Microsystems
In an information economy, the most valuable company assets drive themselves home every night.  If they are not treated well, they do not return the next morning. - Peter Chang
It’s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive. - Steve McConnell
I’m not one of those who think Bill Gates is the devil.  I simply suspect that if Microsoft ever met up with the devil, it wouldn’t need an interpreter. - Nicholas Petreley
Two years from now, spam will be solved. - Bill Gates, 2004
The problem of viruses is temporary and will be solved in two years. - John McAfee, 1988
Computer viruses are an urban legend. - Peter Norton, 1988
In 2031, lawyers will be commonly a part of most development teams. - Grady Booch
I don’t know what the language of the year 2000 will look like, but I know it will be called Fortran. - CA Hoare, 1982
In the future, computers may weigh no more than 1.5 tonnes. - Popular mechanics, 1949
I see little commercial potential for the Internet for at least ten years. - Bill Gates, 1994
Before man reaches the moon, mail will be delivered within hours from New York to California, to Britain, to India or Australia. - Arthur Summerfield, 1959, United States Post
The best way to predict the future is to implement it. That is the spirit that has made computers and the internet what it is today.
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are replicated and distributed. In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System. - Random StackOverflow user
In a room where people think similar - not much thinking is done… - Anonymous
It’s hardware that makes a machine fast. It’s software that makes a fast machine slow. - Craig Bruce
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork. - Sam Ewing
They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. - Janet Reno
That’s what’s cool about working with computers.  They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer. - Paul Leary
If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. - Robert X. Cringely
Computers are getting smarter all the time.  Scientists tell us that soon they will be able to talk to us.   - And by ‘they’, I mean ‘computers’.  I doubt scientists will ever be able to talk to us. - Dave Barry
I’ve noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture.  Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS. - Larry DeLuca
The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
It’s ridiculous to live 100 years and only be able to remember 30 million bytes.  You know, less than a compact disc.  The human condition is really becoming more obsolete every minute. - Marvin Minsky
The city’s central computer told you?  R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer! - C3PO
Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window. - Steve Wozniak
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. - Jeff Pesis
Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. - Alan Kay
I’ve finally learned what ‘upward compatible’ means.  It means we get to keep all our old mistakes. - Dennie van Tassel
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.  We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. - Jeremy S. Anderson
19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM - End of the word according to Unix-2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970
Every operating system out there is about equal… We all suck. - Microsoft senior vice president Brian Valentine describing the state of the art in OS security, 2003
Microsoft has a new version out, Windows XP, which according to everybody is the ‘most reliable Windows ever.‘  To me, this is like saying that asparagus is ‘the most articulate vegetable ever.‘  - Dave Barry
The Internet?  Is that thing still around?   - Homer Simpson
The Web is like a dominatrix.  Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit. - Nytwind
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare. - Blair Houghton
The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry. - Henry Petroski
True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to launch a market but lacks the heft to own it. - Timm Martin
It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants.  It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. - Alan Cooper
It is not about bits, bytes and protocols, but profits, losses and margins. - Lou Gerstner
We are Microsoft.  Resistance Is Futile.  You Will Be Assimilated. - Bumper sticker
No matter how slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience, the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved. - Mark Gibbs
The bulk of all patents are crap.  Spending time reading them is stupid.  It’s up to the patent owner to do so, and to enforce them. - Linus Torvalds
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. - Brian Kernigan
Complexity kills.  It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration. - Ray Ozzie
There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. - C.A.R. Hoare
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim.  The real dummies are the people who-though technically expert-couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. - Walter Mossberg
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ‘user-friendly’…  Their best approach so far has been to take all the old brochures and stamp the words ‘user-friendly’ on the cover. - Bill Gates
There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone.  That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. - Bjarne Stroustrup
Any fool can use a computer.  Many do. - Ted Nelson
There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users’. - Edward Tufte
Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots.  So far the Universe is winning. - Rich Cook
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer.  There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris. - Larry Wall
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. - Seymour Cray
That’s the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they really hate is lousy programmers. - Larry Niven
For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless.  And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things.  They are, in short, a perfect match. - Bill Bryson
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. - Eric Raymond
A hacker on a roll may be able to produce-in a period of a few months-something that a small development group  - say, 7-8 people would have a hard time getting together over a year.  IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more. - Peter Seebach
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones.  They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. - Randall E. Stross
A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer. - Bill Gates
Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right.  If everything did, you’d be out of a job. - Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. - Bill Gates
Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing. - Gerald Weinberg
First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop a programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack. - George Carrette
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. - John Johnson
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment. - Kent Beck
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. - L. Peter Deutsch
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. - Anonymous
Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. - Stan Kelly
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. - Bjarne Stroustrup
PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals. - Jon Ribbens
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. - E.W. Dijkstra
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC.  As potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. - E. W. Dijkstra
I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. - Oktal
There is no programming language-no matter how structured-that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. - Larry Flon
Computer language design is just like a stroll in the park.  Jurassic Park, that is. - Larry Wall
Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++? - Richard A. O’Keefe
Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed. - Bob Gray
In C++ it’s harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg. - Bjarne Stroustrup
C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. - Gavin Russell Baker
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that-lacking zero-they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. - Robert Firth
Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like.  But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like. - pixadel
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. - Robert Sewell
The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. - David Emery
Good code is its own best documentation. - Steve McConnell
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. - Eagleson’s Law
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time.  The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. - Tom Cargill
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. - Francis Glassborow
In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements.  Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer’s shifting idea of what their problem is. - Jeff Atwood
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. - Bill Clinton
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. - Jim McCarthy
As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn’t as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs. - Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.  Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are-by definition-not smart enough to debug it. - Brian Kernighan
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
I don’t care if it works on your machine!  We are not shipping your machine! - Vidiu Platon
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. - Alan J. Perlis
You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic, but you cannot have both at the same time. - Bertrand Meyer
If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, ‘We’re sorry, here’s a coupon for two more.’  - Mark Minasi
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - Martin Golding
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. - Paul Ehrlich
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history-with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. - Mitch Radcliffe
Everything that can be invented has been invented.  - Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899
I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers.  - Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948
It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years.      - John Von Neumann, circa 1949
But what is it good for?  - Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.  - Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977
640K ought to be enough for anybody.  - Bill Gates, 1981
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need.  - Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992
We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0.     - Andy Pierson
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger. - Frank Lloyd Wright
There are so many men who can figure costs, and so few who can measure values.  - Author Unknown
A corporation is a living organism; it has to continue to shed its skin.  Methods have to change.  Focus has to change.  Values have to change.  The sum total of those changes is transformation.  -Andrew Grove
The most dangerous kind of waste is the waste we do not recognize.  -Shigeo Shingo
Your lean process should be a lean process.  - Author Unknown
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.  -Peter F. Drucker
Continuous improvement is not about the things you do well - that's work.  Continuous improvement is about removing the things that get in the way of your work.  The headaches, the things that slow you down, that’s what continuous improvement is all about.  -Bruce Hamilton
If you need a new process and don't install it, you pay for it without getting it.  -Ken Stork
Everything can be improved.  -Clarence W. Barron
Willful waste brings woeful want.  -Thomas Fuller
There are many experts on how things have been done up to now. If you think something could use a little improvement, you are the expert.  -Robert Brault, www.robertbrault.com
Amateurs work until they get it right.  Professionals work until they can't get it wrong.  - Author Unknown
It is not the employer who pays the wages.  He only handles the money.  It is the product that pays the wages.  -Henry Ford, 1922, also sometimes quoted as It is the customer that pays the wages
Nature does constant value stream mapping - it's called evolution.  -Carrie Latet
Don't waste time learning the tricks of the trade.  Instead, learn the trade.  -James Charlton
Time waste differs from material waste in that there can be no salvage.  The easiest of all wastes and the hardest to correct is the waste of time, because wasted time does not litter the floor like wasted material.  -Henry Ford
Waste is a tax on the whole people.  -Albert W. Atwood
When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves.  - Anthony J. D'Angelo, The College Blue Book
A bad system will beat a good person every time.  -W. Edwards Deming
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises but only performance is reality.  -Harold Geneen
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.  -Author Unknown
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  -Benjamin Franklin
Waste is worse than loss.  The time is coming when every person who lays claim to ability will keep the question of waste before him constantly.  The scope of thrift is limitless.  -Thomas A. Edison
It is more than probable that the average man could, with no injury to his health, increase his efficiency fifty percent.  -Walter Scott
The essential question is not, How busy are you? but What are you busy at?  -Oprah Winfrey
A relentless barrage of why’s is the best way to à your mind to pierce the clouded veil of thinking caused by the status quo.  Use it often.  -Shigeo Shingo
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency.  The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.  -Bill Gates
The world we have created is a product of our thinking; it cannot be changed without changing our thinking.  -Albert Einstein
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.  -Lawrence J. Peter
Improvement usually means doing something that we have never done before.  -Shigeo Shingo
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.  -C. Northcote Parkinson, 1958
On the bathing-tub of King T'ang the following words were engraved:  If you would one day renovate yourself, do so from day to day.  Yea, let there be daily renovation.  -Confucian Analects
An environment where people have to think brings with it wisdom, and this wisdom brings with it kaizen [continuous improvement].  -Teruyuki Minoura
The impossible is often the untried.  -Jim Goodwin
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.  -Henry Ford
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over.  -Author Unknown
Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings.  -C.D. Jackson
Different isn't always better, but better is always different.  -Author Unknown
He who rejects change is the architect of decay.  The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.  -Harold Wilson
Invest a few moments in thinking.  It will pay good interest.  -Author Unknown
Don't water your weeds.  -Harvey MacKay
You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.  -Charles C. Noble
I don't like a man to be too efficient.  He's likely to be not human enough.  -Felix Frankfurter
If all efficiency experts were laid end to end - I'd be in favor of it.  -Al Diamond
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.  -Sidney Howard
I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors, and I shall adopt new views so fast as they appear to be true views.  -Abraham Lincoln
It is better to stir up a question without deciding it, than to decide it without stirring it up.  -Joseph Joubert
Quality is everyone's responsibility. - W. Edwards Deming
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best. - W. Edwards Deming
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them. - W. Edwards Deming
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing. - W. Edwards Deming
You can not inspect quality into the product; it is already there. - W. Edwards Deming
It does not happen all at once. There is no instant pudding. - W. Edwards Deming
If you stay in this world, you will never learn another one. - W. Edwards Deming
Does experience help? NO! Not if we are doing the wrong things. - W. Edwards Deming
The result of long-term relationships is better and better quality, and lower and lower costs. - W. Edwards Deming
We are here to make another world. - W. Edwards Deming
Don’t be afraid to make mistakes. - Sakichi Toyoda, Osono et al 2008, 67
If you’re 60 percent sure, take action.  - Osono et al 2008, 86
Before you say you can’t do something, try it. - Sakichi Toyoda, Osono et al 2008, 86
I have seen more failures than successes. - Sakichi Toyoda, Osono et al 2008, 87
Endure a hundred times, strengthen yourself a thousand times, and you will complete you tasks in short order. A phrase that hung in Sakichi Toyoda’s home, quoted by Matsubara  - Osono et al 2008, 127
To do what you believe is right, to do what you believe is good, and doing these things right then and in that way is a calling from on high.  Thus, do it boldly, do as you believe, do as you are. Eiji Toyoda quoted by Matsubara  - Osono et al 2008, 127
Each person thoroughly fulfilling their duties generates great power that, gathered together in a chain, creates a ring of power. Kiichiro Toyoda  - Osono et al 2008, 134
Since it’s the customer that pays our salary, our responsibility is to make the product they want, when they want it, and deliver quality that satisfies them. - Retired factory worker, Kiyoshi Tsutsumi, Osono et al 2008, 136
Unless we visit genba [the place where the action is], we cannot develop a good plan. - Katsuyoshi Tabata, Osono et al 2008, 141
If your boss refuses you something that you really want to do, don’t give up, he said, try pitching it two or three times.  By the third time, the boss will realise, ‘Hey, this guy is serious.’ Toyota President Katsuaki Watanabe  - Osono et al 2008, 182
We have to waste resources by trying many things when we are unsure of which are best. Toyota Chairman Fujio Cho  - Osono et al 2008, 207
Reform business when business is good. - Former Toyota Chairman and President Hiroshi Okuda, Osono et al 2008, 15
Don’t be afraid to make mistakes. - Sakichi Toyoda, Osono et al 2008, 67
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication- Leonardo da Vinci
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it - Alan Perlis
Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before - Franz Kafka
Innovation is the process of turning ideas into manufacturable and marketable form. -Watts Humprey
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. -Theodore Levitt
Never before in history has innovation offered promise of so much to so many in so short a time. -Bill Gates
Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities. -Thomas Jefferson
Innovation by definition will not be accepted at first. It takes repeated attempts, endless demonstrations, monotonous rehearsals before innovation can be accepted and internalized by an organization. This requires 'courageous patience'. -Warren Bennis
Fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit. -George Santayana
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization. -Denis Waitley
Entrepreneurs innovate. Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship. It is the act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth. -Peter F. Drucker
The world leaders in innovation and creativity will also be world leaders in everything else. - Harold R. McAlindon
Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure. - Albert Einstein
On n'innove jamais seul dans son coin - Areva Innovation Motto
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. - Anonymous
L’innovation systématique requiert la volonté de considérer le changement comme une opportunité. - Peter Drucker
Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code. - Anonymous
Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Computers are from hell. - Anonymous
Computer are like air conditioners: they stop working when you open windows. - Steve Jobs (probably)
Like car accidents, most hardware problems are due to driver error. - Anonymous
If you put fences around people, you get sheep. Give people the room they need.  - William L. McKnight, McKnight Foundation founder and former 3M CEO
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. - Steve Jobs
I want to put a ding in the universe.  Steve Jobs
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations -  Steve Jobs
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new. - Steve Jobs
Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. - Steve Jobs, famous Standford speech 
On a toujours le choix. On est même la somme de ses choix. - Joseph O’Connor
Ceux qui ont des idées mais ne savent pas les présenter sont, peu à peu, exclus des débats. - Bernard Werber
Le prix Nobel, c’est une bouée de sauvetage lancée à un nageur  qui a déjà atteint la rive. - George Bernard Shaw 
Soyez insatiables, soyez fous. C’est vrai que ça n’est pas dans le status quo qu’on se préparera un avenir meilleur. Ni la frilosité et les certitudes qui nous permettront d’avancer. - Steve Jovs
I didn't know it was impossible when I did it. - Anomynous
He who moves not forward, goes backward. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance. - Edward Gibbon
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. - Voltaire
I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him. - Aldous Huxley
Take care of the large problems and the small ones will tend not to bother you. - Anonymous
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso
Nobody is perfect, but a team can be - Meredith Belbin
Necessity is the mother of invention - Plato
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. - Albert Einstein
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
The only source of knowledge is experience. - Albert Einstein
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein
Information is not knowledge. - Albert Einstein
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
People, when faced with a problem, think, "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems - Anonymous
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas A. Edison
Algorithmic complexity for structured programmers: All algorithms are O/f/n, where f is someone else’s responsibility. - Peter Cooper
Fact: 48% of IE7 usage comes from developers checking that their site works in IE7. - @iamdevloper
Programmers don’t burn out on hard work, they burn out on change-with-the-wind directives and not ‘shipping’. - Mark Berry
I’ve known people who have not mastered their tools who are good programmers, but not a tool master who remained a mediocre programmer. - Kent Beck 
There are two types of people in this world: those who understand recursion and those who don’t understand that there are two types of people in this world. - Anonymous
Daddy, how is software made? Well, when a programmer loves an idea very much they stay up all night and then push to github the next day... - Sam Kottler
Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems. - Anonymous
The problem with quick and dirty, is that the dirty remains long after the quick has been forgotten - Steve C. McConnell
Prolific developers don’t always write a lot of code, instead they solve a lot of problems. The two things are not the same. - J. Chambers
A programmer’s wife tells him: go to store. pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen. The programmer returns with 12 loaves.
Bad programmers have all the answers. Good testers have all the questions. - Gil Zilberfeld
Our job is to tell you your baby is ugly! - Software Testers
The best TDD can do, is assure that code does what the programmer thinks it should do. That is pretty good BTW. - James Grenning
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of meeting the schedule has been forgotten. - Anonymous
One bad programmer can easily create two new jobs a year. - David Parnas
Don’t document bad code - rewrite it. - Kernighan and Plauger
3 Errors walk into a bar. The barman says, normally I’d Throw you all out, but tonight I’ll make an Exception. - @iamdevloper
Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning. - Anonymous
If you think it’s expensive to hire a professional, wait until you hire an amateur. - Anonymous
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined. -Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code. - Uncle Bob Martin
My definition of an expert in any field is a person who knows enough about what’s really going on to be scared. - P. J. Plauger
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. - John Johnson
Programming is not a zero-sum game. Teaching something to a fellow programmer doesn’t take it away from you. - John Carmack
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.  - Ken Thompson
When in doubt, use brute force.    - Ken Thompson
Deleted code is debugged code.  - Jeff Sickel
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. - Brian W. Kernighan and P. J. Plauger in The Elements of Programming Style.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements. - Brian W. Kernighan, in the paper Unix for Beginners  - 1979
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. - Brian Kernighan
Beauty is more important in computing than anywhere else in technology because software is so complicated. Beauty is the ultimate defence against complexity.   - David Gelernter
UNIX was not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things, as that would also stop them from doing clever things.   - Doug Gwyn
Life is too short to run proprietary software. - Bdale Garbee
The central enemy of reliability is complexity.  - Geer et al.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.   - Edsger W. Dijkstra
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.  - Leonardo da Vinci
The unavoidable price of reliability is simplicity.  - C.A.R. Hoare
Compatibility means deliberately repeating other people’s mistakes.  - David Wheeler
Debugging time increases as a square of the program’s size.   - Chris Wenham
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Anonymous
The best code is no code at all. - Anonymous
No code is faster than no code.  - Merb Motto
Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.  - Edsger W. Dijkstra
Parkinson’s Law  Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. - Ron Jeffries
If we’d asked the customers what they wanted, they would have said faster horses - Henry Ford
With diligence it is possible to make anything run slowly. - Tom Duff
Software obeys the law of gaseous expansion: it continues to grow until memory is completely filled. - Larry Gleason
A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn’t even know existed can render your own computer unusable. - Leslie Lamport
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code. - Robert C. MartinClean Code
Incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation.   - Bertrand Meyer
Security is a state of mind.   - NSA Security Manual
And don’t EVER make the mistake that you can design something better than what you get from ruthless massively parallel trial-and-error with a feedback cycle. That’s giving your intelligence much too much credit    - Linus
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. - Dale Carnegie
Our life is frittered away by detail... simplify, simplify. - Henry David Thoreau, Walden (1854)
The control of a large force is the same principle as the control of a few men: it is merely a question of dividing up their numbers. - Sun Zi, The Art of War (c. 400 CE)
When you come to a fork in the road, take it. - Yogi Berra (giving directions to his house)
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution. - Bertrand Russell
You know what a learning experience is? A learning experience is one of those things that says, “You know that thing you just did? Don’t do that.”- Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt (2002)
We must all hang together, gentlemen, or else we shall most assuredly hang separately. - Benjamin Franklin, at the signing of the Declaration of Independence (July 4th, 1776)
The methods given in this paper require no foresight or ingenuity, and hence deserve to be called algorithms. - Edward R. Moore, “The Shortest Path Through a Maze” (1959)
There’s a difference between knowing the path and walking the path. - Morpheus [Laurence Fishburne], The Matrix (1999)
If a problem has no solution, it may not be a problem, but a fact: not to be solved, but to be coped with over time. - Shimon Peres, as quoted by David Rumsfeld, Rumsfeld’s Rules (2001)
For every polynomial-time algorithm you have, there is an exponential algorithm that I would rather run. - Alan Perlis (first Turing Award winner)
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. - Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt (2002)
We dance round in a ring and suppose, but the secret sits in the middle and knows. - Robert Frost, “The Secret Sits” (1942)
The best is the enemy of the good. - Voltaire, La Bégueule (1772)
When Pierre-Simon Laplace described probability theory as “good sense reduced to a calculus,” he intended to disparage neither good sense nor probability theory thereby. - Lorraine Daston, “Enlightenment Calculations” (1994)
Luck favors the prepared - Anonymous 
Why are our days numbered and not, say, lettered? - Woody Allen, “Notes from the Overfed”, The New Yorker (March 16, 1968)
A good scapegoat is nearly as welcome as a solution to the problem. - Anonymous
An adversary means opposition and competition, but not having an adversary means grief and loneliness. - Zhuangzi (Chuang-tsu) c. 300 BC
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done. - Alan Turing, “Computing Machinery and Intelligence” (1950)
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years. - Tom Lehrer, introduction to “Alma”, That Was the Year That Was (1965)
“How beautiful the world is, and how ugly labyrinths are,” I said, relieved.<br>“How beautiful the world would be if there were a way to move through the labyrinths,” my master replied. - Umberto Eco, Il nome della rosa (1980)
The only thing worth writing about is the human heart in conflict with itself. - William Faulkner
From error to error, one discovers the entire truth... - Deanna Ayres
2 + 2 = 10, in base four. - GLaDOS
Science isn't about WHY, it's about WHY NOT! - J.K. Simmons
After all, to the well-organised mind, death is but the next great adventure. - Dumbledore
Words are our most inexhaustible source of magic, capable of both inflicting injury and remedying it. - Albus Dumbledore
I didn't imply that, but if that's a conclusion you reached of your own accord, I will not disagree with it. - Eren Krueger
The DAD Method: Deny everything, Admit nothing, Demand proof - Anonymous
It would not be much of a universe if it wasn't home to the people you love. - Stephen Hawking
Believe in the me that believes in you. - Katsuyuki Konishi
The people are only as free as the market. - John Keynes
Any AI smart enough to pass the Turing test should be smart enough to fail it. - Ian McDonald
In the long run, we're all dead. - John Keynes
In competition, individual ambition serves the common good. - Adam Smith
At the end of the game, the King and Pawn go into the same box. - Indian Proverb
Calm seas never make skillful sailors. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
You can be the sweetest, juciest apple in the world, but you'll still run into someone who hates apples. - Anonymous
If you're the smartest person in the room, you're in the wrong room. - Anonymous
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. - Bertrand Russell
Sometimes I think the surest sign of intelligence life is that none have tried to contact us. - Bill Watterson 
At some point, the learning stops and the pain begins. - S. Rao Kosaraju
Call me Ishmael. - Opening line of Moby-Dick
Life is a beach; I'm just playing in the sand. - Lil Wayne
The limit does not, in fact, exist. - Your Math textbook (probably)
Calvin: Inspiration is not a faucet. You can't just turn it on. You need to be in the proper mood.<br>Hobbes: Yeah? And what mood is that?<br>Calvin: Last-minute panic. - Bill Watterson
Live as if you will die tomorrow, learn as if you will live forever. - Gandhi
Everyone should learn how to code, it teaches you how to think. - Steve Jobs
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. - Edsger Dijkstra
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist. - Oscar Wilde
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? - Abraham Lincoln
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but greater still to stand up to your friends. - Albus Dumbledore
Murphy was an optimist. He only thought things that could go wrong would go wrong. - Anonymous
An optimist believes we live in the best possible of worlds. A pessimist fears that this is true. - Anonymous
Luck favours the prepared. - Ancient Indian proverb
God created man in his image, and man returned the favor. - Anonymous
Ah, distinctly I remember,<br>It was a bleak, blank December,<br>As each separate dying ember<br>Wrought its ghost upon the floor - The Raven (1845), Edgar Allan Poe